---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Networking"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_bridge_domain"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_bridge_domain"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Bridge Domain
---

# aci_bridge_domain #

Data source for ACI Bridge Domain

## API Information ##

* Class: [fvBD](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvBD/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/BD-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Networking -> Bridge Domains`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_bridge_domain" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Bridge Domain object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Bridge Domain object.
* `optimize_wan_bandwidth` (OptimizeWanBandwidth) - (string) Optimize WAN Bandwidth for the Bridge Domain object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Bridge Domain object.
* `arp_flooding` (arpFlood) - (string) Enable ARP flooding for the Bridge Domain object. If flooding is disabled, ARP requests for unknown endpoints will be forwarded by the leaf switch to the spine proxy for resolution and might trigger an ARP glean if the endpoint is not present in the COOP database.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Bridge Domain object.
* `enable_rogue_exception_mac` (enableRogueExceptMac) - (string) Enable rogue exception based on MAC wildcard for the Bridge Domain object.
* `clear_remote_mac_entries` (epClear) - (string) Clear all endpoints in leaf switches for the Bridge Domain object.
* `endpoint_move_detection_mode` (epMoveDetectMode) - (string) The End Point move detection option uses the Gratuitous Address Resolution Protocol (GARP). A gratuitous ARP is an ARP broadcast-type of packet that is used to verify that no other device on the network has the same IP address as the sending device.
* `advertise_host_routes` (hostBasedRouting) - (string) Advertise host routes (/32 prefixes) out of the L3Out(s) associated to the Bridge Domain object.
* `intersite_bum_traffic_allow` (intersiteBumTrafficAllow) - (string) Enable intersite Broadcast, Unknown-Unicast and Multicast (BUM) traffic between sites for the Bridge Domain object.
* `intersite_l2_stretch` (intersiteL2Stretch) - (string) Enable L2 stretch between sites for the Bridge Domain object.
* `ip_learning` (ipLearning) - (string) The IP learning setting of the Bridge Domain object.
* `pim_ipv6` (ipv6McastAllow) - (string) Enable IPv6 multicast traffic for the Bridge Domain object.
* `limit_ip_learn_to_subnets` (limitIpLearnToSubnets) - (string) Limit IP address learning to subnets for the Bridge Domain object. Every Bridge Domain object can have multiple subnets associated with it.
* `link_local_ipv6_address` (llAddr) - (string) The override of the system generated IPv6 link-local address.
* `custom_mac_address` (mac) - (string) The MAC address of the Bridge Domain object.
* `drop_arp_with_multicast_smac` (mcastARPDrop) - (string) Drop rogue multicast ARP packets for the Bridge Domain object.
* `pim` (mcastAllow) - (string) Enable IPv4 multicast traffic for the Bridge Domain object.
* `multi_destination_flooding` (multiDstPktAct) - (string) The multiple destination forwarding method for L2 Multicast, Broadcast, and Link Layer traffic types.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Bridge Domain object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `bridge_domain_type` (type) - (string) domain type.
* `unicast_routing` (unicastRoute) - (string) Enables L3 routing and endpoint IP learning for the Bridge Domain object.
* `l2_unknown_unicast_flooding` (unkMacUcastAct) - (string) The forwarding method for unknown layer 2 destinations.
* `l3_unknown_multicast_flooding` (unkMcastAct) - (string) The forwarding method for unknown layer 3 multicast destinations.
* `ipv6_l3_unknown_multicast_flooding` (v6unkMcastAct) - (string) The forwarding method for unknown IPv6 multicast destinations.
* `virtual_mac_address` (vmac) - (string) The virtual MAC address of the Bridge Domain object. This is used when the the BD/SVI is extended to multiple sites using a L2 Outside.

* `legacy_mode` - (map) A map of Legacy Mode (ACI object [fvAccP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvAccP/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Legacy Mode object.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Legacy Mode object.
  * `encapsulation` (encap) - (string) The VLAN or VXLAN encapsulation of the Legacy Mode object.
  * `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Legacy Mode object.
  * `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Legacy Mode object.
  * `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
  * `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.

* `rogue_coop_exceptions` - (list) A list of Rogue Coop Exceptions (ACI object [fvRogueExceptionMac](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRogueExceptionMac/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.2(3e) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Rogue Coop Exception object.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Rogue Coop Exception object.
  * `mac` (mac) - (string) The MAC address of the Rogue Coop Exception object.
  * `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Rogue Coop Exception object.
  * `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Rogue Coop Exception object.

* `relation_to_monitor_policy` - (map) A map of Relation From Bridge Domain To Monitoring Policy (ACI object [fvRsABDPolMonPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsABDPolMonPol/overview)) pointing to Monitoring Policy (ACI Object [monEPGPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/monEPGPol/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From Bridge Domain To Monitoring Policy object.
  * `monitoring_policy_name` (tnMonEPGPolName) - (string) The name of the Monitoring Policy object.

* `relation_to_first_hop_security_policy` - (map) A map of Relation From Bridge Domain To First Hop Security Policy (ACI object [fvRsBDToFhs](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsBDToFhs/overview)) pointing to First Hop Security Policy (ACI Object [fhsBDPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fhsBDPol/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From Bridge Domain To First Hop Security Policy object.
  * `first_hop_security_policy_name` (tnFhsBDPolName) - (string) The name of the First Hop Security Policy object.

* `relation_to_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy` - (map) A map of Relation From Bridge Domain To Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy (ACI object [fvRsBDToNdP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsBDToNdP/overview)) pointing to Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy (ACI Object [ndIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/ndIfPol/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 1.1(1j) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From Bridge Domain To Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
  * `neighbor_discovery_interface_policy_name` (tnNdIfPolName) - (string) The name of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.

* `relation_to_netflow_monitor_policies` - (list) A list of Relation From Bridge Domain To NetFlow Monitor Policys (ACI object [fvRsBDToNetflowMonitorPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsBDToNetflowMonitorPol/overview)) pointing to NetFlow Monitor Policy (ACI Object [netflowMonitorPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/netflowMonitorPol/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From Bridge Domain To NetFlow Monitor Policy object.
  * `filter_type` (fltType) - (string) The filter type of the NetFlow Monitor Policy object.
  * `netflow_monitor_policy_name` (tnNetflowMonitorPolName) - (string) The name of the NetFlow Monitor Policy object.

* `relation_to_l3_outsides` - (list) A list of Relation From Bridge Domain To L3 Outsides (ACI object [fvRsBDToOut](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsBDToOut/overview)) pointing to L3 Outside (ACI Object [l3extOut](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extOut/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From Bridge Domain To L3 Outside object.
  * `l3_outside_name` (tnL3extOutName) - (string) The name of the L3 Outside object.

* `relation_to_route_control_profile` - (map) A map of Relation From Bridge Domain To Route Control Profile (ACI object [fvRsBDToProfile](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsBDToProfile/overview)) pointing to Route Control Profile (ACI Object [rtctrlProfile](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/rtctrlProfile/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From Bridge Domain To Route Control Profile object.
  * `l3_outside_name` (tnL3extOutName) - (string) The name of the L3 Outside object.
  * `route_control_profile_name` (tnRtctrlProfileName) - (string) The name of the Route Control Profile object.

* `relation_to_dhcp_relay_policy` - (map) A map of Relation From Bridge Domain To Dhcp Relay Policy (ACI object [fvRsBDToRelayP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsBDToRelayP/overview)) pointing to Dhcp Relay Policy (ACI Object [dhcpRelayP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/dhcpRelayP/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From Bridge Domain To Dhcp Relay Policy object.
  * `dhcp_relay_policy_name` (tnDhcpRelayPName) - (string) The name of the DHCP Relay Policy object.

* `relation_to_end_point_retention_policy` - (map) A map of Relation From Bridge Domain To End Point Retention Policy (ACI object [fvRsBdToEpRet](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsBdToEpRet/overview)) pointing to End Point Retention Policy (ACI Object [fvEpRetPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvEpRetPol/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From Bridge Domain To End Point Retention Policy object.
  * `resolve_action` (resolveAct) - (string) The action to take for resolving the Endpoint Retention Policy object.
  * `end_point_retention_policy_name` (tnFvEpRetPolName) - (string) The name of the Endpoint Retention Policy object.

* `relation_to_vrf` - (map) A map of Relation To VRF (ACI object [fvRsCtx](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsCtx/overview)) pointing to VRF (ACI Object [fvCtx](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvCtx/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To VRF object.
  * `vrf_name` (tnFvCtxName) - (string) The name of the VRF object.

* `relation_to_igmp_snooping_policy` - (map) A map of Relation To IGMP Snooping Policy (ACI object [fvRsIgmpsn](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsIgmpsn/overview)) pointing to IGMP Snooping Policy (ACI Object [igmpSnoopPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/igmpSnoopPol/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To IGMP Snooping Policy object.
  * `igmp_snooping_policy_name` (tnIgmpSnoopPolName) - (string) The name of the IGMP Snooping Policy object.

* `relation_to_mld_snooping_policy` - (map) A map of Relation To MLD Snooping Policy (ACI object [fvRsMldsn](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsMldsn/overview)) pointing to MLD Snooping Policy (ACI Object [mldSnoopPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/mldSnoopPol/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.1(1i) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To MLD Snooping Policy object.
  * `mld_snooping_policy_name` (tnMldSnoopPolName) - (string) The name of the MLD Snooping Policy object.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
