---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Generic"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_communication_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_communication_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for Communication Policy
---

# aci_communication_policy #

Data source for Communication Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [commPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/commPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/fabric/comm-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Generic`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_communication_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Communication Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Communication Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Communication Policy object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Communication Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Communication Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `strict_security_on_apic_oob_subnet` (strictSecurityOnApicOOBSubnet) - (string) remove implicit access on apic oob from any apic OOB subnet IP.

* `http_ssl_configuration` - (list) A list of Http Ssl Configuration objects ([commHttps](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/commHttps/overview)).
  * `access_control_allow_credential` (accessControlAllowCredential) - (string) accessControlAllowCredential.
  * `access_control_allow_origins` (accessControlAllowOrigins) - (string) 
  * `admin_st` (adminSt) - (string) The state of HTTPS communication service. This can be enabled or disabled.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Http Ssl Configuration object.
  * `cli_only_mode` (cliOnlyMode) - (string) CLI only mode.
  * `client_cert_auth_state` (clientCertAuthState) - (string) Client Cert Auth State.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Http Ssl Configuration object.
  * `dh_param` (dhParam) - (string) DH Parameter.
  * `global_throttle_rate` (globalThrottleRate) - (string) The maximum MO api calls allowed per unit time.
  * `global_throttle_st` (globalThrottleSt) - (string) Throttle state for all clients without tag0 in header.
  * `global_throttle_unit` (globalThrottleUnit) - (string) Unit of rate limit.
  * `max_request_status_count` (maxRequestStatusCount) - (string) The maximum number of request status objects to keep.
  * `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Http Ssl Configuration object.
  * `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Http Ssl Configuration object.
  * `node_exporter` (nodeExporter) - (string) Node Exporter service.
  * `port` (port) - (string) The port used for HTTPS communication service.
  * `referer` (referer) - (string) Allowed HTTP referer space separated list.
  * `server_header` (serverHeader) - (string) Server Header.
  * `ssl_protocols` (sslProtocols) - (list) The Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
  * `throttle_rate` (throttleRate) - (string) The maximum login/refresh allowed per second.
  * `throttle_st` (throttleSt) - (string) Login/refresh throttle state.
  * `visore_access` (visoreAccess) - (string) Visore Access.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations objects ([tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
