---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_dot1x_port_authentication_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_dot1x_port_authentication_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy
---

# aci_dot1x_port_authentication_interface_policy #

Data source for ACI 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [l2PortAuthPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l2PortAuthPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/portauthpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> 802.1x Port Authentication`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_dot1x_port_authentication_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy object.
* `admin_state` (adminSt) - (string) The administrative state of the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy object.
* `host_mode` (hostMode) - (string) The host mode of the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `configuration` - (map) A map of Configuration (ACI object [l2PortAuthCfgPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l2PortAuthCfgPol/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Configuration object.
    * `authentication_mode` (macAuth) - (string) The authentication mode of the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy.
    * `maximum_reauthentication_requests` (maxReauthReq) - (string) The maximum re-authentication requests for the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy. The value must be in the range 1 - 10.
    * `maximum_requests` (maxReq) - (string) The maximum requests for the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy. The value must be in the range 2 - 10.
    * `reauthenticate` (reAuth) - (string) Enabling re-authentication for the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy.
    * `reauthentication_period` (reAuthPeriod) - (string) The re-authentication period (seconds) for the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy. The value must be in the range 1 - 2147483.
    * `server_timeout` (serverTimeout) - (string) The server timeout (seconds) for the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy. The value must be in the range 1 - 65535.
    * `supplicant_timeout` (suppTimeout) - (string) The supplicant timeout (seconds) for the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy. The value must be in the range 1 - 65535.
    * `transmit_period` (txPeriod) - (string) The transmit period (seconds) for the 802.1x Port Authentication Interface Policy. The value must be in the range 1 - 65535.
    * `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
        * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
        * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
    * `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
        * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
        * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
