---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Tenant Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_dot1p_classifier"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_dot1p_classifier"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Dot1p Classifier
---

# aci_dot1p_classifier #

Data source for ACI Dot1p Classifier

## API Information ##

* Class: [qosDot1PClass](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/qosDot1PClass/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/qoscustom-{name}/dot1P-{from}-{to}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> Custom QoS -> Dot1p Classifiers`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_dot1p_classifier" "example_custom_qos_policy" {
  parent_dn = aci_custom_qos_policy.example.id
  from      = "1"
  to        = "2"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_custom_qos_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/custom_qos_policy) ([qosCustomPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/qosCustomPol/overview))
* `from` (from) - (string) The Dot1p priority range starting value.
  - Valid Values: `0`, `1`, `2`, `3`, `4`, `5`, `6`, `7`, `unspecified`.
* `to` (to) - (string) The Dot1p priority range ending value.
  - Valid Values: `0`, `1`, `2`, `3`, `4`, `5`, `6`, `7`, `unspecified`.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Dot1p Classifier object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Dot1p Classifier object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Dot1p Classifier object.
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Dot1p Classifier object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Dot1p Classifier object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `priority` (prio) - (string) The Quality of Service (QoS) priority class ID. QoS refers to the capability of a network to provide better service to selected network traffic over various technologies. The primary goal of QoS is to provide priority including dedicated bandwidth, controlled jitter and latency (required by some real-time and interactive traffic), and improved loss characteristics. You can configure the bandwidth of each QoS level using QoS profiles.
* `target` (target) - (string) The target of the Dot1p Classifier object. This Fabric only supports DSCP mutation, Dot1P mutation is not supported.
* `target_cos` (targetCos) - (string) The target Class of Service (CoS) to be driven based on the range of DSCP input values coming into the fabric. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.1(1h) and later.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
