---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Tenant Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_dscp_to_priority_map"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_dscp_to_priority_map"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI DSCP to Priority Map
---

# aci_dscp_to_priority_map #

Data source for ACI DSCP to Priority Map

## API Information ##

* Class: [qosDscpClass](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/qosDscpClass/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/qoscustom-{name}/dcsp-{from}-{to}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> Custom QoS -> DSCP to priority map`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_dscp_to_priority_map" "example_custom_qos_policy" {
  parent_dn = aci_custom_qos_policy.example.id
  from      = "AF11"
  to        = "AF22"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_custom_qos_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/custom_qos_policy) ([qosCustomPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/qosCustomPol/overview))
* `from` (from) - (string) The DSCP range starting value.
  - Valid Values: `AF11`, `AF12`, `AF13`, `AF21`, `AF22`, `AF23`, `AF31`, `AF32`, `AF33`, `AF41`, `AF42`, `AF43`, `CS0`, `CS1`, `CS2`, `CS3`, `CS4`, `CS5`, `CS6`, `CS7`, `EF`, `VA`.
* `to` (to) - (string) The DSCP range ending value.
  - Valid Values: `AF11`, `AF12`, `AF13`, `AF21`, `AF22`, `AF23`, `AF31`, `AF32`, `AF33`, `AF41`, `AF42`, `AF43`, `CS0`, `CS1`, `CS2`, `CS3`, `CS4`, `CS5`, `CS6`, `CS7`, `EF`, `VA`.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the DSCP to Priority Map object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the DSCP to Priority Map object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the DSCP to Priority Map object.
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the DSCP to Priority Map object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the DSCP to Priority Map object.
* `priority` (prio) - (string) The Quality of Service (QoS) priority class ID. QoS refers to the capability of a network to provide better service to selected network traffic over various technologies. The primary goal of QoS is to provide priority including dedicated bandwidth, controlled jitter and latency (required by some real-time and interactive traffic), and improved loss characteristics. You can configure the bandwidth of each QoS level using QoS profiles.
* `target` (target) - (string) The target of the DSCP to Priority Map object. This Fabric only supports DSCP mutation, Dot1P mutation is not supported.
* `target_cos` (targetCos) - (string) Target COS to be driven based on the range of input values of DSCP coming into the fabric.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
