---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Node Management"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_external_management_network_instance_profile"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_external_management_network_instance_profile"
description: |-
  Data source for External Management Network Instance Profile
---

# aci_external_management_network_instance_profile #

Data source for External Management Network Instance Profile

## API Information ##

* Class: [mgmtInstP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/mgmtInstP/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-mgmt/extmgmt-default/instp-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants (mgmt) -> External Management Network Instance Profiles`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_external_management_network_instance_profile" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the External Management Network Instance Profile object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the External Management Network Instance Profile object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the External Management Network Instance Profile object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the External Management Network Instance Profile object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the External Management Network Instance Profile object.
* `priority` (prio) - (string) The QoS priority class identifierq of the External Management Network Instance Profile object.

* `relation_to_consumed_out_of_band_contracts` - (list) A list of Relation To Consumed Out Of Band Contracts (ACI object [mgmtRsOoBCons](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/mgmtRsOoBCons/overview)) pointing to Out Of Band Contract (ACI Object [vzOOBBrCP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/vzOOBBrCP/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Consumed Out Of Band Contract object.
  * `priority` (prio) - (string) The QoS priority class identifierq of the Relation To Consumed Out Of Band Contract object.
  * `out_of_band_contract_name` (tnVzOOBBrCPName) - (string) The name of the Out Of Band Contract object.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
