---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_firewall_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_firewall_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Firewall Policy
---

# aci_firewall_policy #

Data source for ACI Firewall Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [nwsFwPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/nwsFwPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.1(1j) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/fwP-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> Firewall`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_firewall_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Firewall Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Firewall Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Firewall Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Firewall Policy object.
* `mode` (mode) - (string) The mode of the Firewall Policy object. Do not change the mode from 'disabled' directly to 'enabled'. Doing so can lead to traffic loss. Instead, from 'disabled' mode, change the mode to 'learning', wait 5 minutes, and then change the mode to 'enabled'. Changing to 'learning' mode allows Cisco ACI Virtual Edge to add flow table entries for existing flows.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Firewall Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
