---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Generic"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_first_hop_security_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_first_hop_security_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI First Hop Security Policy
---

# aci_first_hop_security_policy #

Data source for ACI First Hop Security Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [fhsBDPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fhsBDPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/bdpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Generic`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_first_hop_security_policy" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the First Hop Security Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the First Hop Security Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the First Hop Security Policy object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the First Hop Security Policy object.
* `ip_inspection` (ipInspectAdminSt) - (string) The IP Inspection Status of the First Hop Security Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the First Hop Security Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `router_advertisement` (raGuardAdminSt) - (string) Enable Router Advertisement Guard for the First Hop Security Policy object.
* `source_guard` (srcGuardAdminSt) - (string) The Source Guard Status of the First Hop Security Policy object.

* `route_advertisement_guard_policy` - (map) A map of Route Advertisement Guard Policy (ACI object [fhsRaGuardPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fhsRaGuardPol/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `managed_config_check` (managedConfigCheck) - (string) Perform a managed configuration check for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `managed_config_flag` (managedConfigFlag) - (string) The managed configuration flag setting for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `max_hop_limit` (maxHopLimit) - (string) The maximum hop limit for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `max_router_pref` (maxRouterPref) - (string) The allowed maximum router preference for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `min_hop_limit` (minHopLimit) - (string) The minimum hop limit for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `other_config_check` (otherConfigCheck) - (string) Perform a other configuration check for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `other_config_flag` (otherConfigFlag) - (string) The other configuration flag setting for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
  * `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
