---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "AAA"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_key_ring"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_key_ring"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Key Ring
---

# aci_key_ring #

Data source for ACI Key Ring

## API Information ##

* Class: [pkiKeyRing](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/pkiKeyRing/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Formats:
  - `uni/tn-{name}/certstore/keyring-{name}`
  - `uni/userext/pkiext/keyring-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Locations:
  - `Admin -> AAA -> Security -> Key Rings`
  - `Cloud Network Controller -> Administrative -> Security -> Key Rings`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_key_ring" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

// This example is only applicable to Cisco Cloud Network Controller
data "aci_key_ring" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Key Ring object.

### Optional ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/fvTenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
  - Default: `uni/userext/pkiext`

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Key Ring object.
* `admin_state` (adminState) - (string) The current administrative state of the certificate request process.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Key Ring object.
* `certificate` (cert) - (string) A certificate contains a device's public key along with signed information verifying the identity of the device.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Key Ring object.
* `elliptic_curve` (eccCurve) - (string) The elliptic curve used by the provided key.
* `key` (key) - (string) The private key of the certificate. This sensitive value is excluded from the resource's lifecycle configuration and is not tracked by Terraform.
* `key_type` (keyType) - (string) The type used by the provided key.
* `modulus` (modulus) - (string) The length of the encryption keys. A longer key length increases the difficulty of breaking the key.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Key Ring object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `regenerate` (regen) - (string) Forces regeneration of the keypair. Each PKI device holds a pair of asymmetric Rivest-Shamir-Adleman (RSA) or Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) encryption keys, one kept private and one made public, stored in an internal key ring.
* `certificate_authority` (tp) - (string) The certificate of the Certificate Authority (CA) that issued the certificate provided in the 'certificate' attribute. The CA can be a root CA, an intermediate CA, or a trust anchor in a chain of trust leading to a root CA.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
