---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "L3Out"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_l3out_consumer_label"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_l3out_consumer_label"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI L3out Consumer Label
---

# aci_l3out_consumer_label #

Data source for ACI L3out Consumer Label

## API Information ##

* Class: [l3extConsLbl](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extConsLbl/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 2.0(1m) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/out-{name}/conslbl-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Locations:
  - `Tenants -> Networking -> L3Outs -> Consumer Label`
  - `Tenants -> Networking -> SR MPLS VRF L3Outs -> SR-MPLS Infra L3Outs`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_l3out_consumer_label" "example_l3_outside" {
  parent_dn = aci_l3_outside.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_l3_outside](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/l3_outside) ([l3extOut](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extOut/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the L3out Consumer Label object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the L3out Consumer Label object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the L3out Consumer Label object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the L3out Consumer Label object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the L3out Consumer Label object.
* `owner` (owner) - (string) The owner of the L3out Consumer Label object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `tag` (tag) - (string) Specifies the color of a policy label.

* `relation_to_external_epgs` - (list) A list of Relation From L3out Consumer Label To External EPGs (ACI object [l3extRsLblToInstP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extRsLblToInstP/overview)) pointing to External Network Instance Profile (ACI Object [l3extInstP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extInstP/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.0(1k) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From L3out Consumer Label To External EPG object.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the External Network Instance Profile object.

* `relation_to_route_control_profiles` - (list) A list of Relation From L3out Consumer Label To Route Control Profiles (ACI object [l3extRsLblToProfile](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extRsLblToProfile/overview)) pointing to Route Control Profile (ACI Object [rtctrlProfile](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/rtctrlProfile/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.0(1k) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From L3out Consumer Label To Route Control Profile object.
  * `direction` (direction) - (string) The connector direction.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Route Control Profile object.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
