---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_link_level_flow_control_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_link_level_flow_control_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy
---

# aci_link_level_flow_control_interface_policy #

Data source for ACI Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [qosLlfcIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/qosLlfcIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 4.2(6d) to 4.2(7w), 5.1(1h) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/llfc-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> Link Level Flow Control`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_link_level_flow_control_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy object.
* `receive_state` (llfcRcvAdminSt) - (string) The receive state of the Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy object.
* `send_state` (llfcSendAdminSt) - (string) The send state of the Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Link Level Flow Control Interface Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
