---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_lldp_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_lldp_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI LLDP Interface Policy
---

# aci_lldp_interface_policy #

Data source for ACI LLDP Interface Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [lldpIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/lldpIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/lldpIfP-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> LLDP Interface`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_lldp_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the LLDP Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the LLDP Interface Policy object.
* `receive_state` (adminRxSt) - (string) The receive (rx) state of the LLDP Interface Policy object.
* `transmit_state` (adminTxSt) - (string) The transmit (tx) state of the LLDP Interface Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the LLDP Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the LLDP Interface Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the LLDP Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `dcbxp_version` (portDCBXPVer) - (string) The Data Center Bridging Exchange Protocol (DCBXP) version of the LLDP Interface Policy object. Changing the DCBX version may prevent the port parameters from converging. The link may need to be reset for the change to take effect. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 6.0(3d) and later.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
