---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_macsec_key"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_macsec_key"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI MACsec Key
---

# aci_macsec_key #

Data source for ACI MACsec Key

## API Information ##

* Class: [macsecKeyPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/macsecKeyPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 3.1(1i) and later.

* Distinguished Name Formats:
  - `uni/fabric/macsecpcontfab/keychainp-{name}/keyp-{keyName}`
  - `uni/infra/macsecpcont/keychainp-{name}/keyp-{keyName}`

## GUI Information ##

* Locations:
  - `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> MACSec -> MACSec KeyChain Policies -> MACSec Key Policy`
  - `Fabric -> Fabric Policies -> Policies -> MACSec -> MACSec KeyChain Policies -> MACSec Key Policy`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_macsec_key" "example_macsec_key_chain" {
  parent_dn = aci_macsec_key_chain.example.id
  key_name  = "aa"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_macsec_key_chain](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/macsec_key_chain) ([macsecKeyChainPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/macsecKeyChainPol/overview))
* `key_name` (keyName) - (string) The key name of the MACsec Key object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the MACsec Key object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the MACsec Key object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the MACsec Key object.
* `end_time` (endTime) - (string) The end time of the MACsec Key object. The default value cannot be used directly, since APIC will calculate this value to the datetime representation which results in a applied state that does not match the planned state. Do not provide this attribute when APIC should calculate the current datetime ('now'). Furthermore, make sure that the time-zone part (in the full example this is '-08:00') matches the time-zone configured on APIC. Providing a different time-zone will result in unexpected behaviour.
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the MACsec Key object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the MACsec Key object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `pre_shared_key` (preSharedKey) - (string) The  pre-shared key of the MACsec Key object.
* `start_time` (startTime) - (string) The start time of the MACsec Key object. Please make sure that the time-zone part (in the full example this is '-08:00') matches the time-zone configured on APIC. Providing a different time-zone will result in unexpected behaviour.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
