---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Tenant Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy
---

# aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy #

Data source for ACI Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [ndIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/ndIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.1(1j) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/ndifpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> ND Interface`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `controller_state` (ctrl) - (list) The controls for the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `hop_limit` (hopLimit) - (string) The hop limit of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `mtu` (mtu) - (string) The maximum transmission unit (MTU) of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `neighbor_solicitation_interval` (nsIntvl) - (string) The interval (milliseconds) for sending neighbor solicitation (NS) messages.
* `neighbor_solicitation_retries` (nsRetries) - (string) The retransmission count for sending neighbor solicitation (NS) messages.
* `nud_retry_base` (nudRetryBase) - (string) The retransmission base value for neighbor unreachability detection (NUD).
* `nud_retry_interval` (nudRetryInterval) - (string) The retransmission interval (milliseconds) for neighbor unreachability detection (NUD).
* `nud_retry_max_attempts` (nudRetryMaxAttempts) - (string) The maximum number of retransmission attempts for neighbor unreachability detection (NUD).
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `router_advertisement_interval` (raIntvl) - (string) The interval (seconds) for sending route advertisement messages.
* `router_advertisement_lifetime` (raLifetime) - (string) The default router lifetime (seconds).
* `reachable_time` (reachableTime) - (string) The time (milliseconds) for which a neighbor is considered reachable after receiving reachability confirmation.
* `retransmit_timer` (retransTimer) - (string) The retransmission time (milliseconds) for sending neighbor solicitation messages.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
