---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Tenant Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_netflow_exporter_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_netflow_exporter_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Netflow Exporter Policy
---

# aci_netflow_exporter_policy #

Data source for ACI Netflow Exporter Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [netflowExporterPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/netflowExporterPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.

* Distinguished Name Formats:
  - `uni/infra/exporterpol-{name}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/exporterpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Locations:
  - `Tenants -> Policies -> NetFlow -> NetFlow Exporters`
  - `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> NetFlow -> NetFlow Exporters`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_netflow_exporter_policy" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "netfow_exporter"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
  - The distinguished name (DN) of classes below can be used but currently there is no available resource for it:
    - [infraInfra](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/infraInfra/overview)

  - Default: `uni/infra`
  
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Netflow Exporter Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Netflow Exporter Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Netflow Exporter Policy object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Netflow Exporter Policy object.
* `qos_dscp_value` (dscp) - (string) The DSCP value of the Netflow Exporter Policy object.
* `destination_ip_address` (dstAddr) - (string) The destination IP address of the remote node.
* `destination_port` (dstPort) - (string) The destination port of the remote node.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Netflow Exporter Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `source_ip_type` (sourceIpType) - (string) The type of the source IP address: It can be one of the available management IP address for a given leaf or a custom IP Address.
* `source_ip_address` (srcAddr) - (string) The source IP address.
* `version` (ver) - (string) The NetFlow Exporter Version of the Netflow Exporter Policy object.

* `relation_to_vrf` - (list) A list of Relation To VRF (ACI object [netflowRsExporterToCtx](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/netflowRsExporterToCtx/overview)) pointing to VRF (ACI Object [fvCtx](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvCtx/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To VRF object.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name of the target.

* `relation_to_epg` - (list) A list of Relation To EPG (ACI object [netflowRsExporterToEPg](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/netflowRsExporterToEPg/overview)) pointing to .
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To EPG object.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name of the target.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
