---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Tenant Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_netflow_record_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_netflow_record_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for Netflow Record Policy
---

# aci_netflow_record_policy #

Data source for Netflow Record Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [netflowRecordPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/netflowRecordPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.

* Distinguished Name Formats:
  - `uni/infra/recordpol-{name}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/recordpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Locations:
  - `Tenants -> Policies -> NetFlow -> NetFlow Records`
  - `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> NetFlow -> NetFlow Records`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_netflow_record_policy" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "netfow_record"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
  - The distinguished name (DN) of classes below can be used but currently there is no available resource for it:
    - [infraInfra](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/infraInfra/overview)

  - Default: `uni/infra`
  
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Netflow Record Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Netflow Record Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Netflow Record Policy object.
* `collect_parameters` (collect) - (list) Collect parameters of the Netflow Record Policy object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Netflow Record Policy object.
* `match_parameters` (match) - (list) Match parameters of the Netflow Record Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Netflow Record Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
