---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
subcategory: "Tenant Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_pim_route_map_entry"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_pim_route_map_entry"
description: |-
  Data source for Pim Route Map Entry
---

# aci_pim_route_map_entry #

Data source for Pim Route Map Entry

## API Information ##

* `Class` - [pimRouteMapEntry](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/pimRouteMapEntry/overview)

* `Distinguished Name Formats`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/rtmap-{name}/rtmapentry-{order}`

## GUI Information ##

* `Location` - `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> Route Maps for Multicast -> Route Maps`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_pim_route_map_entry" "example" {
  parent_dn = aci_pim_route_map_policy.example.id
  order     = "1"
}

```

## Schema

### Required

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_pim_route_map_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/pim_route_map_policy) ([pimRouteMapPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/pimRouteMapPol/overview))
* `order` (order) - (string) PIM route map entry order.

### Read-Only

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Pim Route Map Entry object.
* `action` (action) - (string) The route action of the Pim Route Map Entry object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Pim Route Map Entry object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Pim Route Map Entry object.
* `group_ip` (grp) - (string) The group ip of the Pim Route Map Entry object.
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Pim Route Map Entry object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Pim Route Map Entry object.
* `rendezvous_point_ip` (rp) - (string) The rendezvous point ip of the Pim Route Map Entry object.
* `source_ip` (src) - (string) The source ip of the Pim Route Map Entry object.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations objects ([tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)).
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.