---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Application Management"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_relation_to_domain"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_relation_to_domain"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Relation To Domain
---

# aci_relation_to_domain #

Data source for ACI Relation To Domain

## API Information ##

* Class: [fvRsDomAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsDomAtt/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/ap-{name}/epg-{name}/rsdomAtt-[{tDn}]`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Application Profiles -> Application EPGs -> Domains (VMs and Bare-Metals)`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_relation_to_domain" "example_application_epg" {
  parent_dn = aci_application_epg.example.id
  target_dn = "uni/vmmp-VMware/dom-domain_2"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_application_epg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/application_epg) ([fvAEPg](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvAEPg/overview))
* `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name of the target Domain object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Relation To Domain object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `binding_type` (bindingType) - (string) The binding type of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.0(1h) and later.
* `class_preference` (classPref) - (string) The class preference of the Relation To Domain object. Set 'useg' to allow microsegmentation. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 1.2(2g) and later.
* `custom_epg_name` (customEpgName) - (string) The display name of the user configured port-group. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.2(3j) and later.
* `delimiter` (delimiter) - (string) The delimiter of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.0(1m) and later.
* `encapsulation` (encap) - (string) The encapsulation of the Relation To Domain object. The encapsulation refers to the EPG VLAN when class preference is set to 'encap', or to the Secondary VLAN when class preference is set to 'useg'. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 1.1(1j) and later.
* `encapsulation_mode` (encapMode) - (string) The encapsulation mode of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.1(1h) and later.
* `epg_cos` (epgCos) - (string) The class of service (CoS) of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.
* `epg_cos_pref` (epgCosPref) - (string) The class of service (CoS) preference of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.
* `deployment_immediacy` (instrImedcy) - (string) The deployment immediacy of the Relation To Domain object. Specifies when the policy is pushed into the hardware policy content-addressable memory (CAM).
* `ipam_dhcp_override` (ipamDhcpOverride) - (string) The IP address management (IPAM) DHCP override of the Relation To Domain object. Only applicable for Nutanix domains. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 6.0(3d) and later.
* `ipam_enabled` (ipamEnabled) - (string) The IP address management (IPAM) enabled status of the Relation To Domain object. Only applicable for Nutanix domains. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 6.0(3d) and later.
* `ipam_gateway` (ipamGateway) - (string) The IP address management (IPAM) gateway of the Relation To Domain object. Only applicable for Nutanix domains. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 6.0(3d) and later.
* `lag_policy_name` (lagPolicyName) - (string) The link aggregation group (LAG) policy name of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(10e) to 3.2(10g), 3.2(7f) and later.
* `netflow_direction` (netflowDir) - (string) The NetFlow monitoring direction of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.
* `enable_netflow` (netflowPref) - (string) The NetFlow enabled status for the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `number_of_ports` (numPorts) - (string) The number of ports of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.0(1h) and later.
* `port_allocation` (portAllocation) - (string) Port allocation for ports. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.0(1h) and later.
* `primary_encapsulation` (primaryEncap) - (string) The primary encapsulation of the Relation To Domain object. This is used when the class preference is set to 'useg'. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 1.2(2g) and later.
* `primary_encapsulation_inner` (primaryEncapInner) - (string) The primary inner encapsulation of the Relation To Domain object. This is used for the portgroup at the VMWare Distributed Virtual Switch (DVS). This VLAN is internal to the DVS and is used for communication between the other VMs and the AVE VM at a host. Traffic is not forwarded to the fabric over the VLAN. Only applicable for Cisco ACI Virtual Edge (AVE) domains. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.1(1i) and later.
* `resolution_immediacy` (resImedcy) - (string) The resolution immediacy of the Relation To Domain object. Specifies if policies are resolved immmediately or when needed.
* `secondary_encapsulation_inner` (secondaryEncapInner) - (string) The secondary inner encapsulation of the Relation To Domain object. This is used for the portgroup at the VMWare Distributed Virtual Switch (DVS). This VLAN is internal to the DVS and is used for communication between the other VMs and the AVE VM at a host. Traffic is not forwarded to the fabric over the VLAN. Only applicable for Cisco ACI Virtual Edge (AVE) domains. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.1(1i) and later.
* `switching_mode` (switchingMode) - (string) The switching mode of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.1(1i) and later.
* `untagged` (untagged) - (string) The untagged status of the Relation To Domain object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(10e) to 3.2(10g), 3.2(7f) to 3.2(9h), 4.2(1i) and later.
* `uplink_order_container` - (map) A map of Uplink Order Container (ACI object [fvUplinkOrderCont](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvUplinkOrderCont/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.2(1i) and later.
    * `active_uplinks` (active) - (string) The active uplink IDs of the Uplink Order Container object. When defined the value cannot be set back to empty.
    * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Uplink Order Container object.
    * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Uplink Order Container object.
    * `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Uplink Order Container object.
    * `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Uplink Order Container object.
    * `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
    * `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
    * `standby_uplinks` (standby) - (string) The passive uplink IDs of the Uplink Order Container object.
    * `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
        * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
        * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
    * `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
        * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
        * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
