---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Multi-Site"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_remote_site_id_mappings"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_remote_site_id_mappings"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Remote Site Id Mappings
---

# aci_remote_site_id_mappings #

Data source for ACI Remote Site Id Mappings

## API Information ##

* Class: [fvRemoteId](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRemoteId/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.

* Distinguished Name Formats:
  - `uni/tn-{name}/BD-{name}/stAsc/site-{siteId}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/ap-{name}/epg-{name}/stAsc/site-{siteId}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/ap-{name}/esg-{name}/stAsc/site-{siteId}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/ctx-{name}/stAsc/site-{siteId}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/mscGraphXlateCont/epgDefXlate-[{epgDefDn}]/stAsc/site-{siteId}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/out-{name}/instP-{name}/stAsc/site-{siteId}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Not shown in UI`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_remote_site_id_mappings" "example_associated_site" {
  parent_dn = aci_associated_site.example.id
  site_id   = "100"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_associated_site](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/associated_site) ([fvSiteAssociated](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvSiteAssociated/overview))
* `site_id` (siteId) - (string) A number between 0 and 1000 to identify the remote site being associated with the primary site.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Remote Site Id Mappings object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Remote Site Id Mappings object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Remote Site Id Mappings object.
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Remote Site Id Mappings object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Remote Site Id Mappings object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `remote_vrf_pc_tag` (remoteCtxPcTag) - (string) Remote context's *pcTag*, mapping required for default route case.
* `remote_pc_tag` (remotePcTag) - (string) Remote Class ID.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
