---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "L3Out"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_route_control_profile"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_route_control_profile"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Route Control Profile
---

# aci_route_control_profile #

Data source for ACI Route Control Profile

## API Information ##

* Class: [rtctrlProfile](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/rtctrlProfile/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Formats:
  - `uni/tn-{name}/out-{name}/prof-{name}`
  - `uni/tn-{name}/prof-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Locations:
  - `Tenants -> Networking -> L3Outs -> Route map for import and export Route Control`
  - `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> Route Maps for Route Control`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_route_control_profile" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

data "aci_route_control_profile" "example_l3_outside" {
  parent_dn = aci_l3_outside.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
  - [aci_l3_outside](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/l3_outside) ([l3extOut](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extOut/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Route Control Profile object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Route Control Profile object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Route Control Profile object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `route_map_continue` (autoContinue) - (string) The route_map_continue applies a continue statement for all user-configured sequences (contexts) in a given BGP route profile so that switches will continue to find matches with subsequent user-configured sequences in the route map. Without the continue statement, after a route matches one of the sequences in a route map, switches will not continue to check other sequences. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.2(6d) to 4.2(7w), 5.1(3e) and later.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Route Control Profile object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Route Control Profile object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `route_control_profile_type` (type) - (string) The type of the Route Control Profile object. Use combinable when pervasive subnets (fvSubnet) and external subnets (l3extSubnet) should be combined with a route profile and merged into a single route map or route map entry. Use global when the route profile is the only source of information to generate a route map, this will overwrite other policy attributes.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
