---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_storm_control_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_storm_control_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Storm Control Interface Policy
---

# aci_storm_control_interface_policy #

Data source for ACI Storm Control Interface Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [stormctrlIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/stormctrlIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(2j) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/stormctrlifp-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> Storm Control`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_storm_control_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Storm Control Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Storm Control Interface Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `broadcast_burst_rate_packets_per_second` (bcBurstPps) - (string) The broadcast burst interval rate in packets per second for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `broadcast_burst_rate_percentage` (bcBurstRate) - (string) The broadcast burst rate in percentage for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `broadcast_rate_percentage` (bcRate) - (string) The broadcast rate in percentage for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `broadcast_rate_packets_per_second` (bcRatePps) - (string) The broadcast rate in packets per second for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `burst_rate_packets_per_second` (burstPps) - (string) The burst interval rate in packets per second for the Storm Control Interface Policy object.
* `burst_rate_percentage` (burstRate) - (string) The burst rate in percentage for the Storm Control Interface Policy object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Storm Control Interface Policy object.
* `unicast_multicast_broadcast` (isUcMcBcStormPktCfgValid) - (string) Configure the Storm Control Interface Policy object for unicast, multicast, and broadcast. Use 'Valid' when enabling the object for unicast, multicast, and broadcast. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `multicast_burst_rate_packets_per_second` (mcBurstPps) - (string) The multicast burst interval rate in packets per second for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `multicast_burst_rate_percentage` (mcBurstRate) - (string) The multicast burst rate in percentage for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `multicast_rate_percentage` (mcRate) - (string) The multicast rate in percentage for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `multicast_rate_packets_per_second` (mcRatePps) - (string) The multicast rate in packets per second for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `rate_percentage` (rate) - (string) The rate in percentage for the Storm Control Interface Policy object.
* `rate_packets_per_second` (ratePps) - (string) The rate in packets per second for the Storm Control Interface Policy object.
* `action` (stormCtrlAction) - (string) The action of the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.1(1i) and later.
* `soak_count` (stormCtrlSoakInstCount) - (string) The soak count for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. The value must be in the range 3 - 10. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.1(1i) and later.
* `unicast_burst_rate_packets_per_second` (uucBurstPps) - (string) The unicast burst interval rate in packets per second for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `unicast_burst_rate_percentage` (uucBurstRate) - (string) The unicast burst rate in percentage for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `unicast_rate_percentage` (uucRate) - (string) The unicast rate in percentage for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `unicast_rate_packets_per_second` (uucRatePps) - (string) The unicast rate in packets per second for the Storm Control Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
