---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_synce_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_synce_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI SyncE Interface Policy
---

# aci_synce_interface_policy #

Data source for ACI SyncE Interface Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [synceEthIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/synceEthIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 5.2(1g) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/synceEthIfP-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> Synchronous Ethernet Interface`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_synce_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the SyncE Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `admin_state` (adminSt) - (string) The administrative state of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `quality_level_options` (qloptype) - (string) The quality level options of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes'.
* `quality_receive_exact_value` (qlrcvexactval) - (string) The exact quality receive value for the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
* `quality_receive_highest_value` (qlrcvhval) - (string) The highest quality receive value for the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
* `quality_receive_lowest_value` (qlrcvlval) - (string) The lowest quality receive value for the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
* `quality_transmit_exact_value` (qltxexactval) - (string) The exact quality transmit value of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
* `quality_transmit_highest_value` (qltxhval) - (string) The highest quality transmit value of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
* `quality_transmit_lowest_value` (qltxlval) - (string) The lowest quality transmit value of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
* `selection_input` (selinput) - (string) Enable selection input for the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `source_priority` (srcpriority) - (string) The source priority of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'selection_input' is 'yes'. The value must be in the range 1 - 254.
* `synchronization_status_message` (ssm) - (string) Enable a synchronization status message for the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `wait_to_restore_time` (wtr) - (string) The wait-to-restore time (minutes) for the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'selection_input' is 'yes'. The value must be in the range 0 - 12.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
