---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Tenant Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_trust_control_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_trust_control_policy"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Trust Control Policy
---

# aci_trust_control_policy #

Data source for ACI Trust Control Policy

## API Information ##

* Class: [fhsTrustCtrlPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fhsTrustCtrlPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/trustctrlpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> First Hop Security -> Trust Control Policies`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_trust_control_policy" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Trust Control Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Trust Control Policy object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Trust Control Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Trust Control Policy object.
* `has_dhcpv4_server` (hasDhcpv4Server) - (string) The Trust Control Policy object contains DHCPv4 servers.
* `has_dhcpv6_server` (hasDhcpv6Server) - (string) The Trust Control Policy object contains DHCPv6 servers.
* `has_ipv6_router` (hasIpv6Router) - (string) The Trust Control Policy object contains IPv6 routers.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Trust Control Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `trust_arp` (trustArp) - (string) The address resolution protocol (ARP) trust status of the Trust Control Policy object.
* `trust_nd` (trustNd) - (string) The neighbor discovery (ND) trust status of the Trust Control Policy object.
* `trust_ra` (trustRa) - (string) The router advertisement (RA) trust status of the Trust Control Policy object.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
