---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Networking"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_vrf_fallback_route_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_vrf_fallback_route_group"
description: |-
  Data source for VRF Fallback Route Group
---

# aci_vrf_fallback_route_group #

Data source for VRF Fallback Route Group

## API Information ##

* Class: [fvFBRGroup](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvFBRGroup/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 5.2(4d) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/ctx-{name}/fbrg-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Networking -> VRFs -> Policy -> Fallback Route Group`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_vrf_fallback_route_group" "example_vrf" {
  parent_dn = aci_vrf.example.id
  name      = "fallback_route_group"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_vrf](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/vrf) ([fvCtx](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvCtx/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the VRF Fallback Route Group object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the VRF Fallback Route Group object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the VRF Fallback Route Group object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the VRF Fallback Route Group object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the VRF Fallback Route Group object.

* `vrf_fallback_route_group_members` - (list) A list of VRF Fallback Route Group Members (ACI object [fvFBRMember](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvFBRMember/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the VRF Fallback Route Group Member object.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the VRF Fallback Route Group Member object.
  * `name` (name) - (string) The name of the VRF Fallback Route Group Member object.
  * `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the VRF Fallback Route Group Member object.
  * `fallback_member` (rnhAddr) - (string) The address of the VRF Fallback Route Group Member object.

* `vrf_fallback_routes` - (list) A list of VRF Fallback Routes (ACI object [fvFBRoute](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvFBRoute/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the VRF Fallback Route object.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the VRF Fallback Route object.
  * `prefix_address` (fbrPrefix) - (string) The prefix address of the VRF Fallback Route object.
  * `name` (name) - (string) The name of the VRF Fallback Route object.
  * `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the VRF Fallback Route object.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
