---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Fabric Inventory"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_fabric_node_member"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_fabric_node_member"
description: |-
  Data source for ACI Fabric Node Member
---

# aci_fabric_node_member

Data source for ACI Fabric Node Member

## API Information ##

* Class: [fabricNodeIdentP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fabricNodeIdentP/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 4.2(4i) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format - `uni/controller/nodeidentpol/nodep-{serial}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Inventory -> Fabric Membership`

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "aci_fabric_node_member" "example" {
  serial  = "example"
}
```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Fabric Node Member object.
* `serial` (serial) - (string) Serial Number of the Fabric Node Member object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Fabric Node Member object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) Specifies the annotation of a Fabric Node Member object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) Specifies the description of a Fabric Node Member object.
* `ext_pool_id` (extPoolId) - (string) External pool ID of the Fabric Node Member object.
* `fabric_id` (fabricId) - (string) Fabric ID of the Fabric Node Member object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) Name alias of the Fabric Node Member.
* `node_id` (nodeId) -  (string) Node ID Number of the Fabric Node Member object.
* `node_type` (nodeType) -  (string) Node type of the Fabric Node Member.
* `pod_id` (podId) -  (string) The pod ID of the Fabric Node Member object.
* `role` (role) -  (string) Role of the Fabric Node Member object.
* `commission` (commission) -  (string) Commission adds a new node to the ACI fabric, which allows the node to participate in the fabric's operations and management.