---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Fabric Inventory"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_fabric_node_member"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_fabric_node_member"
description: |-
  Manages ACI Fabric Node Member
---

# aci_fabric_node_member #

Manages ACI Fabric Node Member

## API Information ##

* Class: [fabricNodeIdentP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fabricNodeIdentP/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 4.2(4i) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format - `uni/controller/nodeidentpol/nodep-{serial}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Inventory -> Fabric Membership`

## Example Usage ##


The configuration snippet below creates a Fabric Node Member with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_fabric_node_member" "example" {
  name        = "test"
  serial      = "1"
  node_id     = "201"
  pod_id      = "1"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the Fabric Node Member.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_fabric_node_member" "example" {
  name        = "test"
  serial      = "1"
  annotation  = "example"
  description = "from terraform"
  ext_pool_id = "0"
  fabric_id   = "1"
  name_alias  = "example"
  node_id     = "201"
  node_type   = "unspecified"
  pod_id      = "1"
  role        = "unspecified"
  commission  = "yes"
}

```
## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Fabric Node Member object.
* `serial` (serial) - (string) Serial Number of the Fabric Node Member object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Fabric Node Member object.

### Optional ###

* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) Specifies the annotation of a Fabric Node member.
  - Default: `orchestrator:terraform`
* `description` (descr) - (string) Specifies the description of a Fabric Node member.
* `ext_pool_id` (extPoolId) - (string) External pool ID of the Fabric Node member.
  - Default: `"0"`.
* `fabric_id` (fabricId) - (string) Fabric ID of the Fabric Node Member object.
  - Default: `"1"`.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) Name alias of the Fabric Node member.
* `node_id` (nodeId) -  (string) Node ID Number of the Fabric Node Member object.
  - Valid Values: `"101" - "4000"`.
  - Default: `"0"`.
* `node_type` (nodeType) -  (string) Node type of the Fabric Node member.
  - Valid Values: `unspecified`, `remote-leaf-wan`, `tier-2-leaf`, `virtual`, `border-gateway`.
  - Default: `unspecified`.
* `pod_id` (podId) -  (string) The pod ID of the Fabric Node Member object.
  - Valid Values: `"1" - "254"`.
  - Default: `"1"`.
* `role` (role) -  (Optional) Role of the Fabric Node Member object.
  - Valid Values: `unspecified`, `leaf`, `spine`.
  - Default: `unspecified`.
* `commission` (commission) -  (string) Commission a node from the switch to make it an active member of the fabric.
  - Valid Values: `yes`, `no`.
  - Default: `yes`.
  - When commission is set to "no" the node will only be decommissioned and not removed from the APIC. This node can be recommissioned and does not need to be created as a new object.

## Attribute Reference

The only attribute that this resource exports is the `id`, which is set to the
Dn of the Fabric Node Member object.

## Importing

An existing Fabric Node Member can be [imported][docs-import] into this resource via its Dn, via the following command:
[docs-import]: https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html

```
terraform import aci_fabric_node_member.example <Dn>
```
## Importing

An existing Fabric Node Member can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_fabric_node_member.example uni/controller/nodeidentpol/nodep-{serial}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing Fabric Node Member can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/controller/nodeidentpol/nodep-{serial}
  to = aci_fabric_node_member.example
}
```