---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_fibre_channel_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_fibre_channel_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Manages ACI Fibre Channel Interface Policy
---

# aci_fibre_channel_interface_policy #

Manages ACI Fibre Channel Interface Policy



## API Information ##

* Class: [fcIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fcIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 2.0(1m) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/fcIfPol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> Fibre Channel Interface`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a Fibre Channel Interface Policy with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_fibre_channel_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the Fibre Channel Interface Policy.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_fibre_channel_interface_policy" "full_example" {
  annotation            = "annotation"
  auto_max_speed        = "16G"
  description           = "description_1"
  fill_pattern          = "ARBFF"
  name                  = "test_name"
  name_alias            = "name_alias_1"
  owner_key             = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag             = "owner_tag_1"
  port_mode             = "f"
  receive_buffer_credit = "16"
  speed                 = "16G"
  trunk_mode            = "auto"
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the Fibre Channel Interface Policy resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_fibre_channel_interface_policy) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object.

### Optional ###

* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  - Default: `"orchestrator:terraform"`
* `auto_max_speed` (automaxspeed) - (string) The maximum speed for the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object when set to auto negotiation. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.1(1i) and later.
  - Default: `"32G"`
  - Valid Values: `"16G"`, `"2G"`, `"32G"`, `"4G"`, `"8G"`.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object.
* `fill_pattern` (fillPattern) - (string) The fill pattern for the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable for native fibre channel ports. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  - Default: `"IDLE"`
  - Valid Values: `"ARBFF"`, `"IDLE"`.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `port_mode` (portMode) - (string) The port mode for the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"f"`
  - Valid Values: `"f"`, `"np"`.
* `receive_buffer_credit` (rxBBCredit) - (string) The receive buffer credit amount for the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable for native fibre channel ports. The value must be in the range 16 - 64. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  - Default: `"64"`
* `speed` (speed) - (string) The speed for the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable for native fibre channel ports. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  - Default: `"auto"`
  - Valid Values: `"16G"`, `"32G"`, `"4G"`, `"8G"`, `"auto"`.
* `trunk_mode` (trunkMode) - (string) The trunk mode for the Fibre Channel Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable for native fibre channel ports. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  - Default: `"trunk-off"`
  - Valid Values: `"auto"`, `"trunk-off"`, `"trunk-on"`.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing Fibre Channel Interface Policy can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_fibre_channel_interface_policy.example uni/infra/fcIfPol-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing Fibre Channel Interface Policy can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/infra/fcIfPol-{name}"
  to = aci_fibre_channel_interface_policy.example
}
```
