---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Tenant Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_first_hop_security_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_first_hop_security_policy"
description: |-
  Manages ACI First Hop Security Policy
---

# aci_first_hop_security_policy #

Manages ACI First Hop Security Policy



## API Information ##

* Class: [fhsBDPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fhsBDPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/bdpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Policies -> Protocol -> First Hop Security -> Feature Policies`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a First Hop Security Policy with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_first_hop_security_policy" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the First Hop Security Policy.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_first_hop_security_policy" "full_example_tenant" {
  parent_dn            = aci_tenant.example.id
  annotation           = "annotation"
  description          = "description_1"
  ip_inspection        = "disabled"
  name                 = "test_name"
  name_alias           = "name_alias_1"
  owner_key            = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag            = "owner_tag_1"
  router_advertisement = "disabled"
  source_guard         = "disabled"
  route_advertisement_guard_policy = {
    annotation            = "annotation_1"
    description           = "description_1"
    managed_config_check  = "no"
    managed_config_flag   = "no"
    max_hop_limit         = "10"
    max_router_preference = "disabled"
    min_hop_limit         = "1"
    name                  = "name_1"
    name_alias            = "name_alias_1"
    other_config_check    = "no"
    other_config_flag     = "no"
    owner_key             = "owner_key_1"
    owner_tag             = "owner_tag_1"
  }
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the First Hop Security Policy resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_first_hop_security_policy) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the First Hop Security Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the First Hop Security Policy object.

### Optional ###

* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the First Hop Security Policy object.
  - Default: `orchestrator:terraform`
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the First Hop Security Policy object.
* `ip_inspection` (ipInspectAdminSt) - (string) The Inspection Status for IPv4 and IPv6 traffic of the First Hop Security Policy object.
  - Default: `enabled-both`
  - Valid Values: `disabled`, `enabled-both`, `enabled-ipv4`, `enabled-ipv6`.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the First Hop Security Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `router_advertisement` (raGuardAdminSt) - (string) Enable Router Advertisement Guard for the First Hop Security Policy object.
  - Default: `enabled`
  - Valid Values: `disabled`, `enabled`.
* `source_guard` (srcGuardAdminSt) - (string) The Source Guard Status for IPv4 and IPv6 traffic of the First Hop Security Policy object.
  - Default: `enabled-both`
  - Valid Values: `disabled`, `enabled-both`, `enabled-ipv4`, `enabled-ipv6`.

* `route_advertisement_guard_policy` - (map) A map of Route Advertisement Guard Policy (ACI object [fhsRaGuardPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fhsRaGuardPol/overview)).
  

  #### Optional ####
    
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
      - Default: `orchestrator:terraform`
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `managed_config_check` (managedConfigCheck) - (string) Perform a managed configuration check for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
      - Default: `no`
      - Valid Values: `no`, `yes`.
  * `managed_config_flag` (managedConfigFlag) - (string) The managed configuration flag setting for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
      - Default: `no`
      - Valid Values: `no`, `yes`.
  * `max_hop_limit` (maxHopLimit) - (string) The maximum hop limit for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
      - Default: `0`
  * `max_router_preference` (maxRouterPref) - (string) The allowed maximum router preference for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
      - Default: `disabled`
      - Valid Values: `disabled`, `high`, `low`, `medium`.
  * `min_hop_limit` (minHopLimit) - (string) The minimum hop limit for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
      - Default: `0`
  * `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
  * `other_config_check` (otherConfigCheck) - (string) Perform other configuration checks for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
      - Default: `no`
      - Valid Values: `no`, `yes`.
  * `other_config_flag` (otherConfigFlag) - (string) The other configuration flag setting for the Route Advertisement Guard Policy object.
      - Default: `no`
      - Valid Values: `no`, `yes`.
  * `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
  * `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing First Hop Security Policy can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_first_hop_security_policy.example_tenant uni/tn-{name}/bdpol-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing First Hop Security Policy can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/tn-{name}/bdpol-{name}"
  to = aci_first_hop_security_policy.example_tenant
}
```
