---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "L3Out"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_l3out_consumer_label"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_l3out_consumer_label"
description: |-
  Manages ACI L3out Consumer Label
---

# aci_l3out_consumer_label #

Manages ACI L3out Consumer Label



## API Information ##

* Class: [l3extConsLbl](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extConsLbl/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 2.0(1m) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/out-{name}/conslbl-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Locations:
  - `Tenants -> Networking -> L3Outs -> Consumer Label`
  - `Tenants -> Networking -> SR MPLS VRF L3Outs -> SR-MPLS Infra L3Outs`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a L3out Consumer Label with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_l3out_consumer_label" "example_l3_outside" {
  parent_dn = aci_l3_outside.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the L3out Consumer Label.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_l3out_consumer_label" "full_example_l3_outside" {
  parent_dn   = aci_l3_outside.example.id
  annotation  = "annotation"
  description = "description_1"
  name        = "test_name"
  name_alias  = "name_alias_1"
  owner       = "infra"
  owner_key   = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag   = "owner_tag_1"
  tag         = "lemon-chiffon"
  relation_to_external_epgs = [
    {
      annotation = "annotation_1"
      target_dn  = "uni/tn-test_tenant/out-test_l3_outside/instP-inst_profile_1"
    }
  ]
  relation_to_route_control_profiles = [
    {
      annotation = "annotation_1"
      direction  = "export"
      target_dn  = "uni/tn-test_tenant/prof-rt_ctrl_profile_1"
    }
  ]
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the L3out Consumer Label resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_l3out_consumer_label) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_l3_outside](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/l3_outside) ([l3extOut](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extOut/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the L3out Consumer Label object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the L3out Consumer Label object.

### Optional ###
  
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the L3out Consumer Label object.
  - Default: `orchestrator:terraform`
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the L3out Consumer Label object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the L3out Consumer Label object.
* `owner` (owner) - (string) The owner of the L3out Consumer Label object.
  - Default: `infra`
  - Valid Values: `infra`, `tenant`.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `tag` (tag) - (string) Specifies the color of a policy label.
  - Valid Values: `alice-blue`, `antique-white`, `aqua`, `aquamarine`, `azure`, `beige`, `bisque`, `black`, `blanched-almond`, `blue`, `blue-violet`, `brown`, `burlywood`, `cadet-blue`, `chartreuse`, `chocolate`, `coral`, `cornflower-blue`, `cornsilk`, `crimson`, `cyan`, `dark-blue`, `dark-cyan`, `dark-goldenrod`, `dark-gray`, `dark-green`, `dark-khaki`, `dark-magenta`, `dark-olive-green`, `dark-orange`, `dark-orchid`, `dark-red`, `dark-salmon`, `dark-sea-green`, `dark-slate-blue`, `dark-slate-gray`, `dark-turquoise`, `dark-violet`, `deep-pink`, `deep-sky-blue`, `dim-gray`, `dodger-blue`, `fire-brick`, `floral-white`, `forest-green`, `fuchsia`, `gainsboro`, `ghost-white`, `gold`, `goldenrod`, `gray`, `green`, `green-yellow`, `honeydew`, `hot-pink`, `indian-red`, `indigo`, `ivory`, `khaki`, `lavender`, `lavender-blush`, `lawn-green`, `lemon-chiffon`, `light-blue`, `light-coral`, `light-cyan`, `light-goldenrod-yellow`, `light-gray`, `light-green`, `light-pink`, `light-salmon`, `light-sea-green`, `light-sky-blue`, `light-slate-gray`, `light-steel-blue`, `light-yellow`, `lime`, `lime-green`, `linen`, `magenta`, `maroon`, `medium-aquamarine`, `medium-blue`, `medium-orchid`, `medium-purple`, `medium-sea-green`, `medium-slate-blue`, `medium-spring-green`, `medium-turquoise`, `medium-violet-red`, `midnight-blue`, `mint-cream`, `misty-rose`, `moccasin`, `navajo-white`, `navy`, `old-lace`, `olive`, `olive-drab`, `orange`, `orange-red`, `orchid`, `pale-goldenrod`, `pale-green`, `pale-turquoise`, `pale-violet-red`, `papaya-whip`, `peachpuff`, `peru`, `pink`, `plum`, `powder-blue`, `purple`, `red`, `rosy-brown`, `royal-blue`, `saddle-brown`, `salmon`, `sandy-brown`, `sea-green`, `seashell`, `sienna`, `silver`, `sky-blue`, `slate-blue`, `slate-gray`, `snow`, `spring-green`, `steel-blue`, `tan`, `teal`, `thistle`, `tomato`, `turquoise`, `violet`, `wheat`, `white`, `white-smoke`, `yellow`, `yellow-green`.

* `relation_to_external_epgs` - (list) A list of Relation From L3out Consumer Label To External EPGs (ACI object [l3extRsLblToInstP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extRsLblToInstP/overview)) pointing to External Network Instance Profile (ACI Object [l3extInstP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extInstP/overview)) which can be configured using the [aci_external_network_instance_profile](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/external_network_instance_profile) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.0(1k) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the External Network Instance Profile object.

  #### Optional ####
    
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From L3out Consumer Label To External EPG object.
      - Default: `orchestrator:terraform`

* `relation_to_route_control_profiles` - (list) A list of Relation From L3out Consumer Label To Route Control Profiles (ACI object [l3extRsLblToProfile](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/l3extRsLblToProfile/overview)) pointing to Route Control Profile (ACI Object [rtctrlProfile](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/rtctrlProfile/overview)) which can be configured using the [aci_route_control_profile](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/route_control_profile) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.0(1k) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `direction` (direction) - (string) The connector direction.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Route Control Profile object.

  #### Optional ####
    
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation From L3out Consumer Label To Route Control Profile object.
      - Default: `orchestrator:terraform`

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing L3out Consumer Label can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_l3out_consumer_label.example_l3_outside uni/tn-{name}/out-{name}/conslbl-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing L3out Consumer Label can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/tn-{name}/out-{name}/conslbl-{name}"
  to = aci_l3out_consumer_label.example_l3_outside
}
```
