---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_link_level_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_link_level_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Manages ACI Link Level Interface Policy
---

# aci_link_level_interface_policy #

Manages ACI Link Level Interface Policy



## API Information ##

* Class: [fabricHIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fabricHIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/hintfpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> Link Level`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a Link Level Interface Policy with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_link_level_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the Link Level Interface Policy.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_link_level_interface_policy" "full_example" {
  annotation          = "annotation"
  auto_negotiation    = "off"
  description         = "description_1"
  port_delay          = "50"
  emi_retrain         = "enable"
  fec_mode            = "auto-fec"
  link_debounce       = "2001"
  name                = "test_name"
  name_alias          = "name_alias_1"
  owner_key           = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag           = "owner_tag_1"
  physical_media_type = "sfp-10g-tx"
  speed               = "100G"
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the Link Level Interface Policy resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_link_level_interface_policy) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Link Level Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Link Level Interface Policy object.

### Optional ###

* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Link Level Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  - Default: `"orchestrator:terraform"`
* `auto_negotiation` (autoNeg) - (string) The auto-negotiation mode of the Link Level Interface Policy object. Auto-negotiation is an optional function of the IEEE 802.3u Fast Ethernet standard that enables devices to automatically exchange information over a link about speed and duplex abilities.
  - Default: `"on"`
  - Valid Values: `"off"`, `"on"`, `"on-enforce"`.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Link Level Interface Policy object.
* `port_delay` (dfeDelayMs) - (string) The port delay (milliseconds) applied when the interface is coming up for the the Link Level Interface Policy object. The value must be in the range 0 - 10000. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.2(5k) and later.
  - Default: `"0"`
* `emi_retrain` (emiRetrain) - (string) The Electromagnetic Interference (EMI) retrain state the Link Level Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 4.2(7q) to 4.2(7w), 5.2(4d) and later.
  - Default: `"disable"`
  - Valid Values: `"disable"`, `"enable"`.
* `fec_mode` (fecMode) - (string) The Forwarding Error Correction (FEC) mode of the Link Level Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 1.3(1g) and later.
  - Default: `"inherit"`
  - Valid Values: `"auto-fec"`, `"cl74-fc-fec"`, `"cl91-rs-fec"`, `"cons16-rs-fec"`, `"disable-fec"`, `"ieee-rs-fec"`, `"inherit"`, `"kp-fec"`.
* `link_debounce` (linkDebounce) - (string) The link debounce interval (milliseconds) of the Link Level Interface Policy object. Setting a value greater than 0 enables the debounce timer on physical interface ports. A value of 0 disables the debounce timer. The value must be in the range 0 - 5000.
  - Default: `"100"`
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Link Level Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `physical_media_type` (portPhyMediaType) - (string) The physical media type of the Link Level Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.1(3e) and later.
  - Default: `"auto"`
  - Valid Values: `"auto"`, `"sfp-10g-tx"`.
* `speed` (speed) - (string) The speed of the Link Level Interface Policy object. The data transfer rate for the port should match the destination to which the port is linked.
  - Default: `"inherit"`
  - Valid Values: `"100G"`, `"100M"`, `"10G"`, `"1G"`, `"2.5G"`, `"200G"`, `"25G"`, `"400G"`, `"40G"`, `"50G"`, `"5G"`, `"auto"`, `"inherit"`.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing Link Level Interface Policy can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_link_level_interface_policy.example uni/infra/hintfpol-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing Link Level Interface Policy can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/infra/hintfpol-{name}"
  to = aci_link_level_interface_policy.example
}
```
