---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_lldp_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_lldp_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Manages ACI LLDP Interface Policy
---

# aci_lldp_interface_policy #

Manages ACI LLDP Interface Policy


  !> This resource has been migrated to the terraform plugin protocol version 6, refer to the [migration guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/guides/migration) for more details and implications for already managed resources.

## API Information ##

* Class: [lldpIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/lldpIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/lldpIfP-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> LLDP Interface`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a LLDP Interface Policy with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_lldp_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the LLDP Interface Policy.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_lldp_interface_policy" "full_example" {
  receive_state  = "disabled"
  transmit_state = "disabled"
  annotation     = "annotation"
  description    = "description_1"
  name           = "test_name"
  name_alias     = "name_alias_1"
  owner_key      = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag      = "owner_tag_1"
  dcbxp_version  = "CEE"
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the LLDP Interface Policy resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_lldp_interface_policy) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the LLDP Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the LLDP Interface Policy object.

### Optional ###

* `receive_state` (adminRxSt) - (string) The receive (rx) state of the LLDP Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"enabled"`
  - Valid Values: `"disabled"`, `"enabled"`.
* `transmit_state` (adminTxSt) - (string) The transmit (tx) state of the LLDP Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"enabled"`
  - Valid Values: `"disabled"`, `"enabled"`.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the LLDP Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  - Default: `"orchestrator:terraform"`
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the LLDP Interface Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the LLDP Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `dcbxp_version` (portDCBXPVer) - (string) The Data Center Bridging Exchange Protocol (DCBXP) version of the LLDP Interface Policy object. Changing the DCBX version may prevent the port parameters from converging. The link may need to be reset for the change to take effect. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 6.0(3d) and later.
  - Default: `"CEE"`
  - Valid Values: `"CEE"`, `"IEEE"`.
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing LLDP Interface Policy can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_lldp_interface_policy.example uni/infra/lldpIfP-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing LLDP Interface Policy can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/infra/lldpIfP-{name}"
  to = aci_lldp_interface_policy.example
}
```
