---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_mcp_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_mcp_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Manages ACI MCP Interface Policy
---

# aci_mcp_interface_policy #

Manages ACI MCP Interface Policy



## API Information ##

* Class: [mcpIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/mcpIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.1(1j) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/mcpIfP-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> MCP Interface`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a MCP Interface Policy with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_mcp_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the MCP Interface Policy.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_mcp_interface_policy" "full_example" {
  admin_state                         = "enabled"
  annotation                          = "annotation"
  description                         = "description_1"
  grace_period_seconds                = "3"
  grace_period_milliseconds           = "138"
  maximum_number_of_vlan              = "129"
  strict_mode                         = "on"
  mcp_pdu_per_vlan                    = "off"
  name                                = "test_name"
  name_alias                          = "name_alias_1"
  owner_key                           = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag                           = "owner_tag_1"
  initial_delay_time                  = "1750"
  transmission_frequency_seconds      = "10"
  transmission_frequency_milliseconds = "800"
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the MCP Interface Policy resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_mcp_interface_policy) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the MCP Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the MCP Interface Policy object.

### Optional ###

* `admin_state` (adminSt) - (string) The administrative state of the MCP Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"enabled"`
  - Valid Values: `"disabled"`, `"enabled"`.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the MCP Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  - Default: `"orchestrator:terraform"`
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the MCP Interface Policy object.
* `grace_period_seconds` (gracePeriod) - (string) The grace period in seconds for the MCP Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'strict_mode' is 'on'. The value must be in the range 0 - 300. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.2(4d) and later.
  - Default: `"3"`
* `grace_period_milliseconds` (gracePeriodMsec) - (string) The grace period in milliseconds for the MCP Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'strict_mode' is 'on'. The value must be in the range 0 - 999. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.2(4d) and later.
  - Default: `"0"`
* `maximum_number_of_vlan` (maxPduPerVlanLimit) - (string) The maximum amount of VLANs for the MCP Interface Policy object. The value must be in the range 1 - 2000 when 'strict_mode' is 'off', else the value must be in range 1 - 256. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 6.0(2h) and later.
  - Default: `"256"`
* `strict_mode` (mcpMode) - (string) Enable strict mode for the MCP Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.2(4d) and later.
  - Default: `"off"`
  - Valid Values: `"off"`, `"on"`.
* `mcp_pdu_per_vlan` (mcpPduPerVlan) - (string) Send MCP PDU packets per VLAN for the MCP Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 6.0(2h) and later.
  - Default: `"on"`
  - Valid Values: `"off"`, `"on"`.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the MCP Interface Policy object. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.2(1k) and later.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `initial_delay_time` (strictInitDelayTime) - (string) The initial delay time in seconds for the MCP Interface Policy object. This allows for MCP to wait before sending Bridge Protocol Data Units (BPDUs) which gives Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) on the external network time to converge. This attribute is only applicable when 'strict_mode' is 'on'. The value must be in the range 0 - 1800. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.2(4d) and later.
  - Default: `"0"`
* `transmission_frequency_seconds` (strictTxFreq) - (string) The transmission frequency in seconds for the MCP Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'strict_mode' is 'on'. The value must be in the range 0 - 300. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.2(4d) and later.
  - Default: `"0"`
* `transmission_frequency_milliseconds` (strictTxFreqMsec) - (string) The transmission frequency in milliseconds for the MCP Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'strict_mode' is 'on'. The value must be in the range 0 - 999. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 5.2(4d) and later.
  - Default: `"500"`
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing MCP Interface Policy can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_mcp_interface_policy.example uni/infra/mcpIfP-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing MCP Interface Policy can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/infra/mcpIfP-{name}"
  to = aci_mcp_interface_policy.example
}
```
