---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Generic"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Manages ACI Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy
---

# aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy #

Manages ACI Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy



## API Information ##

* Class: [ndIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/ndIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.1(1j) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/ndifpol-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Generic`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy" "example_tenant" {
  parent_dn = aci_tenant.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy" "full_example_tenant" {
  parent_dn                      = aci_tenant.example.id
  annotation                     = "annotation"
  controller_state               = ["managed-cfg"]
  description                    = "description_1"
  hop_limit                      = "40"
  mtu                            = "8700"
  name                           = "test_name"
  name_alias                     = "name_alias_1"
  neighbor_solicitation_interval = "1500"
  neighbor_solicitation_retries  = "6"
  nud_retry_base                 = "2"
  nud_retry_interval             = "1300"
  nud_retry_max_attempts         = "5"
  owner_key                      = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag                      = "owner_tag_1"
  router_advertisement_interval  = "500"
  router_advertisement_lifetime  = "1500"
  reachable_time                 = "2"
  retransmit_timer               = "2"
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_tenant](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tenant) ([fvTenant](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvTenant/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.

### Optional ###

* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `orchestrator:terraform`
* `controller_state` (ctrl) - (list) The controls for the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `unspecified`.
  - Valid Values: `managed-cfg`, `other-cfg`, `suppress-ra`, `suppress-ra-mtu`, `unsolicit-na-glean`, `unspecified`.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `hop_limit` (hopLimit) - (string) The hop limit of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `64`
* `mtu` (mtu) - (string) The maximum transmission unit (MTU) of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `9000`
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy object.
* `neighbor_solicitation_interval` (nsIntvl) - (string) The interval (milliseconds) for sending neighbor solicitation (NS) messages.
  - Default: `1000`
* `neighbor_solicitation_retries` (nsRetries) - (string) The retransmission count for sending neighbor solicitation (NS) messages.
  - Default: `3`
* `nud_retry_base` (nudRetryBase) - (string) The retransmission base value for neighbor unreachability detection (NUD).
  - Default: `1`
* `nud_retry_interval` (nudRetryInterval) - (string) The retransmission interval (milliseconds) for neighbor unreachability detection (NUD).
  - Default: `1000`
* `nud_retry_max_attempts` (nudRetryMaxAttempts) - (string) The maximum number of retransmission attempts for neighbor unreachability detection (NUD).
  - Default: `3`
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `router_advertisement_interval` (raIntvl) - (string) The interval (seconds) for sending route advertisement messages.
  - Default: `600`
* `router_advertisement_lifetime` (raLifetime) - (string) The default router lifetime (seconds).
  - Default: `1800`
* `reachable_time` (reachableTime) - (string) The time (milliseconds) for which a neighbor is considered reachable after receiving reachability confirmation.
  - Default: `0`
* `retransmit_timer` (retransTimer) - (string) The retransmission time (milliseconds) for sending neighbor solicitation messages.
  - Default: `0`

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy.example_tenant uni/tn-{name}/ndifpol-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing Neighbor Discovery Interface Policy can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/tn-{name}/ndifpol-{name}"
  to = aci_neighbor_discovery_interface_policy.example_tenant
}
```
