---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Application Management"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_relation_to_domain"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_relation_to_domain"
description: |-
  Manages ACI Relation To Domain
---

# aci_relation_to_domain #

Manages ACI Relation To Domain



## API Information ##

* Class: [fvRsDomAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsDomAtt/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/ap-{name}/epg-{name}/rsdomAtt-[{tDn}]`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Application Profiles -> Application EPGs -> Domains (VMs and Bare-Metals)`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a Relation To Domain with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_relation_to_domain" "example_application_epg" {
  parent_dn = aci_application_epg.example.id
  target_dn = "uni/vmmp-VMware/dom-domain_2"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the Relation To Domain.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_relation_to_domain" "full_example_application_epg" {
  parent_dn                     = aci_application_epg.example.id
  annotation                    = "annotation"
  binding_type                  = "dynamicBinding"
  class_preference              = "encap"
  custom_epg_name               = "custom_epg_name_1"
  delimiter                     = "@"
  encapsulation                 = "vlan-100"
  encapsulation_mode            = "auto"
  epg_cos                       = "Cos0"
  epg_cos_pref                  = "disabled"
  deployment_immediacy          = "immediate"
  ipam_dhcp_override            = "10.0.0.2"
  ipam_enabled                  = "yes"
  ipam_gateway                  = "10.0.0.1"
  lag_policy_name               = "lag_policy_name_1"
  netflow_direction             = "both"
  enable_netflow                = "disabled"
  number_of_ports               = "1"
  port_allocation               = "elastic"
  primary_encapsulation         = "vlan-200"
  primary_encapsulation_inner   = "vlan-300"
  resolution_immediacy          = "immediate"
  secondary_encapsulation_inner = "vlan-400"
  switching_mode                = "AVE"
  target_dn                     = "uni/vmmp-VMware/dom-domain_2"
  untagged                      = "no"
  vnet_only                     = "no"
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the Relation To Domain resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_relation_to_domain) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_application_epg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/application_epg) ([fvAEPg](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvAEPg/overview))
* `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name of the target Domain object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Relation To Domain object.

### Optional ###
  
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `orchestrator:terraform`
* `binding_type` (bindingType) - (string) The binding type of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `none`
  - Valid Values: `dynamicBinding`, `ephemeral`, `none`, `staticBinding`.
* `class_preference` (classPref) - (string) The class preference of the Relation To Domain object. Set 'useg' to allow microsegmentation.
  - Default: `encap`
  - Valid Values: `encap`, `useg`.
* `custom_epg_name` (customEpgName) - (string) The display name of the user configured port-group.
* `delimiter` (delimiter) - (string) The delimiter of the Relation To Domain object.
* `encapsulation` (encap) - (string) The encapsulation of the Relation To Domain object. The encapsulation refers to the EPG VLAN when class preference is set to 'encap, or to the Secondary VLAN when class preference is set to 'useg'.
* `encapsulation_mode` (encapMode) - (string) The encapsulation mode of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `auto`
  - Valid Values: `auto`, `vlan`, `vxlan`.
* `epg_cos` (epgCos) - (string) The class of service (CoS) of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `Cos0`
  - Valid Values: `Cos0`, `Cos1`, `Cos2`, `Cos3`, `Cos4`, `Cos5`, `Cos6`, `Cos7`.
* `epg_cos_pref` (epgCosPref) - (string) The class of service (CoS) preference of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `disabled`
  - Valid Values: `disabled`, `enabled`.
* `deployment_immediacy` (instrImedcy) - (string) The deployment immediacy of the Relation To Domain object. Specifies when the policy is pushed into the hardware policy content-addressable memory (CAM).
  - Default: `lazy`
  - Valid Values: `immediate`, `lazy`.
* `ipam_dhcp_override` (ipamDhcpOverride) - (string) The IP address management (IPAM) DHCP override of the Relation To Domain object. Only applicable for Nutanix domains.
* `ipam_enabled` (ipamEnabled) - (string) The IP address management (IPAM) enabled status of the Relation To Domain object. Only applicable for Nutanix domains.
  - Default: `no`
  - Valid Values: `no`, `yes`.
* `ipam_gateway` (ipamGateway) - (string) The IP address management (IPAM) gateway of the Relation To Domain object. Only applicable for Nutanix domains.
* `lag_policy_name` (lagPolicyName) - (string) The link aggregation group (LAG) policy name of the Relation To Domain object.
* `netflow_direction` (netflowDir) - (string) The NetFlow monitoring direction of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `both`
  - Valid Values: `both`, `egress`, `ingress`.
* `enable_netflow` (netflowPref) - (string) The Netflow enabled status for the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `disabled`
  - Valid Values: `disabled`, `enabled`.
* `number_of_ports` (numPorts) - (string) The number of ports of the Relation To Domain object.
* `port_allocation` (portAllocation) - (string) Port allocation for ports.
  - Default: `none`
  - Valid Values: `elastic`, `fixed`, `none`.
* `primary_encapsulation` (primaryEncap) - (string) The primary encapsulation of the Relation To Domain object. This is used when the class preference is set to 'useg'.
* `primary_encapsulation_inner` (primaryEncapInner) - (string) The primary inner encapsulation of the Relation To Domain object. This is used for the portgroup at the VMWare Distributed Virtual Switch (DVS). This VLAN is internal to the DVS and is used for communication between the other VMs and the AVE VM at a host. Traffic is not forwarded to the fabric over the VLAN. Only applicable for Cisco ACI Virtual Edge (AVE) domains.
* `resolution_immediacy` (resImedcy) - (string) The resolution immediacy of the Relation To Domain object. Specifies if policies are resolved immmediately or when needed.
  - Default: `lazy`
  - Valid Values: `immediate`, `lazy`, `pre-provision`.
* `secondary_encapsulation_inner` (secondaryEncapInner) - (string) The secondary inner encapsulation of the Relation To Domain object. This is used for the portgroup at the VMWare Distributed Virtual Switch (DVS). This VLAN is internal to the DVS and is used for communication between the other VMs and the AVE VM at a host. Traffic is not forwarded to the fabric over the VLAN. Only applicable for Cisco ACI Virtual Edge (AVE) domains.
* `switching_mode` (switchingMode) - (string) The switching mode of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `native`
  - Valid Values: `AVE`, `native`.
* `untagged` (untagged) - (string) The untagged status of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `no`
  - Valid Values: `no`, `yes`.
* `vnet_only` (vnetOnly) - (string) The VNET only status of the Relation To Domain object.
  - Default: `no`
  - Valid Values: `no`, `yes`.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  
  #### Required ####
  
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing Relation To Domain can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_relation_to_domain.example_application_epg uni/tn-{name}/ap-{name}/epg-{name}/rsdomAtt-[{tDn}]
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing Relation To Domain can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/tn-{name}/ap-{name}/epg-{name}/rsdomAtt-[{tDn}]"
  to = aci_relation_to_domain.example_application_epg
}
```
