---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_synce_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_synce_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Manages ACI SyncE Interface Policy
---

# aci_synce_interface_policy #

Manages ACI SyncE Interface Policy



## API Information ##

* Class: [synceEthIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/synceEthIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 5.2(1g) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/synceEthIfP-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> Synchronous Ethernet Interface`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a SyncE Interface Policy with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_synce_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the SyncE Interface Policy.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_synce_interface_policy" "full_example" {
  admin_state                    = "enabled"
  annotation                     = "annotation"
  description                    = "description_1"
  name                           = "test_name"
  name_alias                     = "name_alias_1"
  owner_key                      = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag                      = "owner_tag_1"
  quality_level_options          = "op2g2"
  quality_receive_exact_value    = "fsync-ql-o2-g2-eec2"
  quality_receive_highest_value  = "fsync-ql-common-none"
  quality_receive_lowest_value   = "fsync-ql-common-none"
  quality_transmit_exact_value   = "fsync-ql-o2-g2-eec2"
  quality_transmit_highest_value = "fsync-ql-common-none"
  quality_transmit_lowest_value  = "fsync-ql-common-none"
  selection_input                = "yes"
  source_priority                = "10"
  synchronization_status_message = "yes"
  wait_to_restore_time           = "8"
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the SyncE Interface Policy resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_synce_interface_policy) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the SyncE Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the SyncE Interface Policy object.

### Optional ###

* `admin_state` (adminSt) - (string) The administrative state of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"disabled"`
  - Valid Values: `"disabled"`, `"enabled"`.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"orchestrator:terraform"`
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the SyncE Interface Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `quality_level_options` (qloptype) - (string) The quality level options of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes'.
  - Default: `"none"`
  - Valid Values: `"none"`, `"op1"`, `"op2g1"`, `"op2g2"`.
* `quality_receive_exact_value` (qlrcvexactval) - (string) The exact quality receive value for the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
  - Default: `"fsync-ql-common-none"`
  - Valid Values: `"fsync-ql-common-dnu"`, `"fsync-ql-common-failed"`, `"fsync-ql-common-invalid"`, `"fsync-ql-common-none"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eec1"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-sec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-a"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-b"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-res"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prov"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3e"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-tnc"`.
* `quality_receive_highest_value` (qlrcvhval) - (string) The highest quality receive value for the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
  - Default: `"fsync-ql-common-none"`
  - Valid Values: `"fsync-ql-common-dnu"`, `"fsync-ql-common-failed"`, `"fsync-ql-common-invalid"`, `"fsync-ql-common-none"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eec1"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-sec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-a"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-b"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-res"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prov"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3e"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-tnc"`.
* `quality_receive_lowest_value` (qlrcvlval) - (string) The lowest quality receive value for the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
  - Default: `"fsync-ql-common-none"`
  - Valid Values: `"fsync-ql-common-dnu"`, `"fsync-ql-common-failed"`, `"fsync-ql-common-invalid"`, `"fsync-ql-common-none"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eec1"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-sec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-a"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-b"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-res"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prov"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3e"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-tnc"`.
* `quality_transmit_exact_value` (qltxexactval) - (string) The exact quality transmit value of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
  - Default: `"fsync-ql-common-none"`
  - Valid Values: `"fsync-ql-common-dnu"`, `"fsync-ql-common-failed"`, `"fsync-ql-common-invalid"`, `"fsync-ql-common-none"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eec1"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-sec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-a"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-b"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-res"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prov"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3e"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-tnc"`.
* `quality_transmit_highest_value` (qltxhval) - (string) The highest quality transmit value of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
  - Default: `"fsync-ql-common-none"`
  - Valid Values: `"fsync-ql-common-dnu"`, `"fsync-ql-common-failed"`, `"fsync-ql-common-invalid"`, `"fsync-ql-common-none"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eec1"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-sec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-a"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-b"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-res"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prov"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3e"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-tnc"`.
* `quality_transmit_lowest_value` (qltxlval) - (string) The lowest quality transmit value of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'synchronization_status_message' is 'yes', and valid input value depends on the choice of 'quality_level_options'.
  - Default: `"fsync-ql-common-none"`
  - Valid Values: `"fsync-ql-common-dnu"`, `"fsync-ql-common-failed"`, `"fsync-ql-common-invalid"`, `"fsync-ql-common-none"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eec1"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-sec"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-a"`, `"fsync-ql-o1-ssu-b"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-res"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g1-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eec2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eeec"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-eprtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prov"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prs"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-prtc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-smc"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st2"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st3e"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-st4"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-stu"`, `"fsync-ql-o2-g2-tnc"`.
* `selection_input` (selinput) - (string) Enable selection input for the SyncE Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"no"`
  - Valid Values: `"no"`, `"yes"`.
* `source_priority` (srcpriority) - (string) The source priority of the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'selection_input' is 'yes'. The value must be in the range 1 - 254.
  - Default: `"100"`
* `synchronization_status_message` (ssm) - (string) Enable a synchronization status message for the SyncE Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"yes"`
  - Valid Values: `"no"`, `"yes"`.
* `wait_to_restore_time` (wtr) - (string) The wait-to-restore time (minutes) for the SyncE Interface Policy object. This attribute is only applicable when 'selection_input' is 'yes'. The value must be in the range 0 - 12.
  - Default: `"5"`
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing SyncE Interface Policy can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_synce_interface_policy.example uni/infra/synceEthIfP-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing SyncE Interface Policy can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/infra/synceEthIfP-{name}"
  to = aci_synce_interface_policy.example
}
```
