---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Access Policies"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_zrp_transceiver_interface_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-resource-aci_zrp_transceiver_interface_policy"
description: |-
  Manages ACI ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy
---

# aci_zrp_transceiver_interface_policy #

Manages ACI ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy



## API Information ##

* Class: [xcvrZRPIfPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/xcvrZRPIfPol/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 5.2(6e) to 5.3(2f), 6.0(2h) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/infra/zrp-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Fabric -> Access Policies -> Policies -> Interface -> Transceiver`

## Example Usage ##

The configuration snippet below creates a ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy with only required attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_zrp_transceiver_interface_policy" "example" {
  name = "test_name"
}

```
The configuration snippet below shows all possible attributes of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy.

!> This example might not be valid configuration and is only used to show all possible attributes.

```hcl

resource "aci_zrp_transceiver_interface_policy" "full_example" {
  admin_state                  = "enabled"
  annotation                   = "annotation"
  maximum_chromatic_dispersion = "-50989"
  minimum_chromatic_dispersion = "-51999"
  dac_rate                     = "1x1.25"
  description                  = "description_1"
  dwdm_carrier_grid            = "50GHzITUchannel"
  fec_mode                     = "oFEC"
  frequency_100_mhz            = "1923504"
  frequency_50_ghz             = "19369"
  itu_channel_50_ghz           = "64"
  modulation                   = "16QAM"
  muxponder_mode               = "1x400"
  name                         = "test_name"
  name_alias                   = "name_alias_1"
  owner_key                    = "owner_key_1"
  owner_tag                    = "owner_tag_1"
  transmit_power               = "-120"
  wavelength_50_ghz            = "1545733"
  annotations = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
  tags = [
    {
      key   = "key_0"
      value = "value_1"
    }
  ]
}

```

All examples for the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy resource can be found in the [examples](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/tree/master/examples/resources/aci_zrp_transceiver_interface_policy) folder.

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.

### Optional ###

* `admin_state` (adminSt) - (string) The administrative state of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"disabled"`
  - Valid Values: `"disabled"`, `"enabled"`.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"orchestrator:terraform"`
* `maximum_chromatic_dispersion` (cdMax) - (string) The maximum chromatic dispersion of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object. The difference with 'minimum_chromatic_dispersion' must be greater than 1000. The value must be in the range -50999 - 52000 when 'fec_mode' is 'oFEC' else the value must be in range -1399 - 2400.
  - Default: `"13000"`
* `minimum_chromatic_dispersion` (cdMin) - (string) The minimum chromatic dispersion of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object. The difference with 'maximum_chromatic_dispersion' must be greater than 1000. The value must be in the range -52000 - 50999 when 'fec_mode' is 'oFEC' else the value must be in range -2400 - 1399.
  - Default: `"-13000"`
* `dac_rate` (dacRate) - (string) The Digital-to-Analog Converter (DAC) rate of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"1x1.25"`
  - Valid Values: `"1x1"`, `"1x1.25"`.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.
* `dwdm_carrier_grid` (dwdmCarrier) - (string) The Dense Wavelength Division Multiplexing (DWDM) carrier grid selector of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"100MHzFrequency"`
  - Valid Values: `"100MHzFrequency"`, `"50GHzFrequency"`, `"50GHzITUchannel"`, `"50GHzWavelength"`.
* `fec_mode` (fecMode) - (string) The Forward Error Correction (FEC) mode of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object. The value 'cFEC' must have a DAC rate of '1x1', and the value 'oFEC' must have a DAC rate of '1x1.25'.
  - Default: `"oFEC"`
  - Valid Values: `"cFEC"`, `"oFEC"`.
* `frequency_100_mhz` (frequency100MHz) - (string) The 100 Megahertz (MHz) frequency of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object. The value must be in the range 1911500 - 1961375.
  - Default: `"1911500"`
* `frequency_50_ghz` (frequency50GHz) - (string) The 50 Gigahertz (GHz) frequency of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object. The value must be in the range 19115 - 19610.
  - Default: `"19115"`
* `itu_channel_50_ghz` (ituChannel50GHz) - (string) The 50 Gigahertz (GHz) International Telecommunication Union (ITU) channel of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object. The value must be in the range 1 - 100.
  - Default: `"1"`
* `modulation` (modulation) - (string) The modulation of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"16QAM"`
  - Valid Values: `"16QAM"`.
* `muxponder_mode` (muxponder) - (string) The muxponder mode of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.
  - Default: `"1x400"`
  - Valid Values: `"1x400"`.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object.
* `owner_key` (ownerKey) - (string) The key for enabling clients to own their data for entity correlation.
* `owner_tag` (ownerTag) - (string) A tag for enabling clients to add their own data. For example, to indicate who created this object.
* `transmit_power` (transmitPower) - (string) The transmit power of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object. The value must be in the range -190 - 50.
  - Default: `"-190"`
* `wavelength_50_ghz` (wavelength50GHz) - (string) The 50 Gigahertz (GHz) wavelength of the ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy object. The value must be in the range 1528773 - 1568362.
  - Default: `"1528773"`
* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). Annotations can also be configured using a separate [aci_annotation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/annotation) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). Tags can also be configured using a separate [aci_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/tag) resource. This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  #### Required ####
  
    * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
    * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

## Importing

An existing ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy can be [imported](https://www.terraform.io/docs/import/index.html) into this resource with its distinguished name (DN), via the following command:

```
terraform import aci_zrp_transceiver_interface_policy.example uni/infra/zrp-{name}
```

Starting in Terraform version 1.5, an existing ZRP (ZR+) Transceiver Interface Policy can be imported
using [import blocks](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) via the following configuration:

```
import {
  id = "uni/infra/zrp-{name}"
  to = aci_zrp_transceiver_interface_policy.example
}
```
